Add missing settings hmac_jwkset and hmac_key for JWT realm to security-settings.asciidoc (#86085)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/settings/security-settings.asciidoc

+
File-based resources are polled at a frequency determined by the global {es}
`resource.reload.interval.high` setting, which defaults to `5s`.
// end::jwt-pkc-jwkset-path-tag[]

// tag::jwt-hmac-jwkset-tag[]
`hmac_jwkset` {ess-icon}::
(<<secure-settings,Secure>>)

> The contents of a JSON Web Key Set with the secret key material that
> the JWT Realm uses for verifying token signatures.
> This format is compatible with multiple keys and optional attributes.
> Only one of `hmac_jwkset` or `hmac_key` can be used simultaneously.
> Using the HMAC JWK Set is preferred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contents of a JSON Web Key Set (JWKS), including the secret key that the JWT 
realm uses to verify token signatures. This format supports multiple keys and 
optional attributes, and is preferred over the `hmac_key` setting. Cannot be
used in conjunction with the `hmac_key` setting.

```

// end::jwt-hmac-jwkset-tag[]

// tag::jwt-hmac-key-tag[]
`hmac_key` {ess-icon}::
(<<secure-settings,Secure>>)

> The contents of a JSON Web Key with the secret key material that

Reviewer: The `hmac_jwkset` contains "The file contents of  JWK Set", whereas the `hmac_key` indicates only "The contents". Is the `hmac_key` also a file? I'm trying to better understand the distinction between these settings other than what they support.

Author: Both can be `The contents`, so remove `file`. I was implying they would be loaded via the different elasticsearch-keystore commands listed in the `[JWT authentication](https://elasticsearch_85189.docs-preview.app.elstc.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/master/jwt-realm.html)` page.

HMAC JWKSet loaded from a file
`bin/elasticsearch-keystore add-file xpack.security.authc.realms.jwt.jwt1.hmac_jwkset <path>`

HMAC Key loaded from a string on the command line
`bin/elasticsearch-keystore add xpack.security.authc.realms.jwt.jwt1.client_authentication.shared_secret`

the JWT Realm uses for verifying token signatures.
This format is compatible with OIDC HMAC key encoding, where
the HMAC key bytes are the UTF-8 encoding of the UNICODE characters.
This format only supports a single key with no attributes.
Only one of `hmac_jwkset` or `hmac_key` can be used simultaneously.

> Using the HMAC JWK Set is preferred.

Author: @lockewritesdocs the rewording of the OIDC HMAC key format made the description not totally accurate. I accepted the suggestion, and I tried to rephrase it. Have a look to see if the update is OK.
